Even with all of my talking
in my commentary that
took maybe less than
10 minutes to do that,
and, like I feel pretty good about myself.
Honestly, if somebody said,
what did you do today, Lukas?
I would say well.
I basically did about
a week's worth of work
on a workshop with all my buddies and
it was cool.
And so, again, when you get in,
you start to abstract your complexity
out to the things that matter.
You can hyper accelerate your
ability to build the things
that simply do not change from
one domain model to the other.
Rest being a very consistent thing
within your development experience.
And so
what I can do here is I'm going to just.
From the application itself or
from the code,
cuz I'm not gonna type this all out, but
I'm going to just paste this in,
so we can see it.
And if you have any questions
about what I have done,
then we can just reference the repo for
that.
So what I'm gonna do here,
I'm going to paste these in and
what I've done is mock widgets.
So pretty much the same exact thing.
And now when I wanna find one, I'm just
using the Ray high order functions.
Create, update,
delete the differences with create.
Let me fix that.
What I'm doing is I'm creating a new
object using an immutable function and
then I'm just adding in like a uuid to it,
so that I can reference it later.
So I'm gonna save this.
And I believe if I'm not mistaken,
that this is going to
not like this at all.
The reason being is that and
I'm not for sure why they did,
so they're using a data
transfer object by default.
We're not gonna do that.
Although you could and
there are reasons for that, I suppose.
But just to keep it simple
going to switch this and
I believe the reason, I feel like
this is a bit of a carryover from
I saw this a lot in Java many years ago,
I think that the transfer
object to create an item and
then to update an item.
They're slightly different.
The big difference being that
one has an id and one doesn't.
So actually now I'm curious.
So This is not super intuitive.
So if anybody figures that out,
feel free to shoot that into chats, and
then Mark can take me to school
about why that is happening.
So let's save this.
Let's hop back into our browser.
And let's refresh this, and
if I go to widgets now,
this is how we will know, This work.
This might have actually been an issue
with the fact that we're not actually
handling this in the client side.
Let me refresh.
Let's see what happened here.
One more time.
I know what happened
,don't worry about it.
That widget service.
All right, so that's working.
This is the problem.
Within here,
Create widget.
And I hope at some point that
Somebody is looking at this and
they're saying that my
goodness Lukas is typing a lot
of the same stuff over and over.
Or it seems like he's typing it here and
then it's happening over here.
Let's save this Back into
Let's go Needs double checking
make sure I don't have any errors,
Good, nothing there, nothing there,
I feel like I can close these,
And let's figure out,
Well, I'm not gonna worry about
this too much because it's not contingent
on the point that I want to make.
This is something I might
fix on the break but
Does make me wonder.
Well, regardless, let me stop here.
And let me just raise the question.
Does anybody based on what I've
done have any questions or
commentary about the fact
that I'm basically
writing angular and
node and calling it Nest?
How does everybody feel about that?
Any opinions?
When I saw it on I was like Holy moly,
like that's amazing.
Yeah, I'm getting some thumbs up.
So funny story.
If you went and
looked in the the Git history of Nist.
I was trying to get the Nest CLI to
work and it just wasn't working.
And so I filed this huge bug report.
I'm like, I typed this in and
like this is supposed to happen.
It doesn't happen.
And Camille who wrote Nist he
wrote back end he was like,
in order to run our CLI, its Nest,
whatever the command is.
And I had written
the whole thing using ng.
And so I basically submitted a big
bug report against Nest that like ng,
which is the Angular CLI
command was not working.
So, it just was so close.
I just felt like I was working in Angular.
So that is how to rapidly build an API.
And let me show you one more
trick before we move on.